docs(cli): Include version number in sentry-cli checksums table (#4987)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/cli/installation.mdx

Below is the table of SHA256 checksums for all available build targets that our CLI supports. To calculate the hash of a downloaded file, you can use `sha256sum` utility, which is preinstalled in OSX and most Linux distributions.

<CliChecksumTable />

> If you would like to verify checksums for historic versions of the `sentry-cli`, please refer to our release registry directly, which can be found under [https://release-registry.services.sentry.io/apps/sentry-cli/{version}](https://release-registry.services.sentry.io/apps/sentry-cli/latest) address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to verify checksums for historic versions of the `sentry-cli`, please refer to our release registry directly, which can be found at [https://release-registry.services.sentry.io/apps/sentry-cli/{version}](https://release-registry.services.sentry.io/apps/sentry-cli/latest).
```
